OSRIC™ Open License:

Terms used herein are as defined in the OPEN GAME LICENSE Version 1.0a
promulgated by Wizards of the Coast, Inc. Open Game Content may only be Used
under and in terms of the Open Game License.

Subject to the other terms of this license, you may do the following:

1) Distribute this document for free or for profit, provided that no change
or addition is made other than adding your name as publisher if the product
is distributed in print, other than by print on demand.

2) Refer in your own products to the name of this document, and indicate
compatibility with the OSRICTM system.

3) Produce content that is derivative of the "Licensed IP" material in this
document, provided that your product is not a complete game.

4) Include quotations from the rules set forth in the OSRIC™ system, provided
that such quotes do not individually exceed 100 words or collectively
comprise more than 10% of your product.

5) Identify parts of your Product Identity as "OSRIC™ Open Content" that may
be used by other OSRICTM publishers, but only OSRICTM publishers, as if it
were Open Game Content. Note that Open Game Content may not be limited to
OSRICTM publishers, only Product Identity.

6) Identify parts of your Product Identity as "OSRIC™ Reference Content," in
which case other publishers may refer to the OSRICTM Reference Content
provided that they identify the source of the reference (your work) and note
on the cover of their product that your product is required in order to use
their product.

7) If a publisher fails to identify OSRIC™ Open or Reference content, that
content will be considered Product Identity, assuming that it is valid
Product Identity under the OGL.

If you do any of the foregoing, you must:

1) Comply with the terms of the Wizards of the Coast (WOTC) Open Game License
with respect to any use of Open Game Content

2) Not violate or infringe upon any trademark of WOTC (moreover, note that
the OGL currently prohibits any indication of compatibility with a trademark
without written permission).

3) Include the following text prominently on the cover or cover page of your
product:

This product uses the OSRIC™ System (Oldschool System Reference and Index
Compilation™). The OSRIC™ system text may be found at
http://www.knights-n-knaves.com/osric. The OSRICTM text is copyright of
Stuart Marshall. "OSRIC™" and "Oldschool System Reference and Index
Compilation™" are trademarks of Stuart Marshall and Matthew Finch and may be
used only in accordance with the OSRIC™ license. Complimentary copies of
OSRIC™ material need not be sent to the authors, but it would be nice.

"Licensed IP" means: all of the material herein, with the exception of the
artwork, trademarks, and title.

Under no circumstance should this license be construed to violate the terms
of the Open Game License, and any term that violates the Open Game License is
to be construed as closely as possible to the original intent within the
terms of the Open Game License.